release candidate v2.0.2 (#1457)
GPflow/GPflow: RELEASE.md

> The release notes have been moved to GitHubs own 'Releases' section on the GPflow GitHub repo. You can read them [here](https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/releases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release notes have been moved to GitHub's own 'Releases' section on the GPflow GitHub repo. You can read them on https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/releases
```
reads better in text and even in html rendering I find the full link more helpful than just something that says "here"

Author: no its better for screen readers if you embed i believe. sorry

* Add new Scipy optimizer that mimics standard `scipy.minimize` interface.
* Remove custom GPflow optimizers and HMC implementation. A user can exploit standard TensorFlow optimizers and TensorFlow Probability MCMC sampling methods accordingly (#1100)
* Add new monitor implementation (#1344)
* Refactor stationary kernels (#1088)
* Add Convolutional kernel (#996, #1034)
* Add generalized Periodic kernel (#1158)
* Add ChangePoint kernel (#1094)
* Conditional calculations only take the lower triangle parts of `q_sqrt` into inconsideration (#1223)
* Numerous improvements to notebooks and documentation:
    - Raw Jupyter notebook files replaced with `jupytext` python files (#1239)
    - Documentation generation in a separate repo (#1275)
* Improved Bayesian model classes hierarchy reflecting the difference between data handling of models (#1276)
* `log_prior` was renamed to `log_prior_density` (#1329)
* `predict_density` was renamed to `predict_log_density`
* `full` in the kernel.__call__ was renamed to `full_cov` (#1319)
* `num_latent` was renamed to `num_latent_gps` (#1310)

> # Release 1.2.0

Reviewer: We haven't actually used this since 1.2.0 (and instead rely on Github: https://github.com/GPflow/GPflow/releases). Do we actually want to keep track of RELEASE.md separately (in which case I think we should copy the intermediate release notes in here as well... perhaps remove the 1.x ones... but 2.0.0 notes for sure)? Or should we remove it altogether and just point to github?

Author: removed!
